alright what's up you also check it out
got a package here from mr. Vaughn du
Einstein this is from a cool trade we
worked out nice little trade um so you
know as always big thanks to Mr Bond
dude Einstein you know awesome awesome
person go check out his channel you know
you know the drill link down there in
the description box go check it out so
yeah here's a package arrived just a day
it's a little it's a little beat up as
you can see but there's a puncture here
I don't know I'm thinking it might be
just from from some miss handling but I
know it doesn't look like it was
tampered with and some you know i'm not
i'm not thinking anything's missing so
let's get this thing opened up i have a
closer look all right
alright so I got that cut open this up
here oh oh yeah shake it shake it out oh
man oh where do I even begin what you
know that's one oh look at that desk 20
what you know is 30 hey we're not done
yet we got for Ali Vipers right there
we've got a Star Wars legacy collection
imperial evo trooper we've got a
star wars the clone wars
Mandalorian police officer what you know
about the Star Wars popo right there no
saying that's it Oh hold on hold on and
off there's another one right there and
then oh man check that out I've been
excited for this one ever since ever
since I knew about it I was like all men
I'm an eagerly awaiting this jungle camo
arf trooper that he have for me that is
that's the sweetest right there I've
totally want an army build these damn
that's freaking awesome have it and then
we've got the Marvel Universe iron
Patriot evil as Norman Osborn
right there trying to trick the peoples
but there you go iron Patriot then we
got some we got some loose stuff right
here oh it's um okay
is the Iron Man to forget with the Mega
Bloks with the drone we got the little
alien spaceship right there from Lego
everyone got nuttin but Ali but the
loose alley viper right there so that
makes a total of five GI Joe pursuit of
cobra alley viper so how awesome is that
list let's lay these all out check it
check it out got the the 4 car did Ali
Vipers right there you got the fifth one
right there got the evo trooper got the
ARC Trooper got the popos right there
iron patriot mega bloks set the whatever
messing that library end on little alien
spaceship so that is that is quite a
deal um Great Hall expect expect some
reviews of these come very soon I'm
definitely a tear somebody's open right
after I um I'm done with this man i'm so
excited that's awesome you know what
this this does not disappoint you know
they say sometimes wanting is a better
than actually having and when you
actually have it it's just not as
satisfying but um I don't know I'm
feeling pretty damn satisfied right
about now and I'm pretty sure no I'm
pretty good about knowing
what I like and I get already know that
I'm gonna love this so I can't wait to
turn when he's open and check it out so
there you have it all man this is this
is pure goodness couldn't couldn't be
happier you know it's like that's this
is all it's a pure win right there no 00
disappointment this is total awesome so
there you go thanks some thanks so much
for your business expect expect your
pack is very soon I hope you like the
goodies too so there you go once again
go check out mr. Bundy designs channel
and do me a favor don't go asking them
for he ain't you Santa Claus you
know yeah said it don't go asking them
for you know alright thanks for
watching you go